One girl left the house for the forest. She got lost in the forest and began to look for the way home, but did not find it, but came to the house in the forest.

The Tale of the Three Bears - picture 1

The door was open; she looked through the door, saw that there was no one in the house, and went in. Three bears lived in this house. One bear was a father, his name was Mikhail Ivanovich. He was big and shaggy. The other was a bear. She was smaller, and her name was Nastasia Petrovna. The third was a little bear, and his name was Mishutka. The bears were not at home, they went for a walk in the woods.

The Tale of the Three Bears - picture 2

There were two rooms in the house: one was a dining room, the other was a bedroom. The girl entered the dining room and saw three cups of stew on the table. The first cup, a very large one, was Mikhail Ivanovich's. The second, smaller cup was Nastasia Petrovnina's; the third, a blue cup, was Mishutkina's. There was a spoon next to each cup: large, medium and small.

The girl took the largest spoon and sipped from the largest cup; then she took the middle spoon and sipped from the middle cup; then she took a small spoon and sipped from a blue cup; and Mishutka's soup seemed to her the best of all.

The Tale of the Three Bears - picture 3

The girl wanted to sit down and saw three chairs at the table: one large — Mikhail Ivanovich; the other smaller — Nastasia Petrovnin, and the third, small, with a blue cushion — Mishutkin. She climbed onto a large chair and fell; then she sat on the middle chair, it was awkward; then she sat on a small chair and laughed — it was so good.

The Tale of the Three Bears - picture 4

She took the blue cup on her lap and began to eat. She ate all the soup and began to rock on the chair.

The chair broke and she fell to the floor.

The Tale of the Three Bears - picture 5

She got up, picked up a chair and went to another room. There were three beds: one large — Mikhail Ivanych; the other medium — Nastasia Petrovnina; the third small — Mishenkina.

The girl went to the big one, it was too spacious for her; she went to the middle one — it was too high; she went to the small one — the crib fit her just right, and she fell asleep.

The Tale of the Three Bears - picture 6

And the bears came home hungry and wanted to have lunch.

The Tale of the Three Bears - picture 7

The big bear took the cup, looked at it and roared in a terrible voice:

— WHO WAS SLURPING IN MY CUP?

Nastasia Petrovna looked at her cup and growled not so loudly:

— WHO WAS SLURPING IN MY CUP?

And Mishutka saw his empty cup and squeaked in a thin voice:

— WHO SLURPED IN MY CUP AND DRANK IT ALL OUT?

Mikhail Ivanovich looked at his chair and growled in a terrible voice:

— WHO WAS SITTING ON MY CHAIR AND MOVED IT FROM ITS PLACE?

Nastasia Petrovna looked at her chair and growled not so loudly:

— WHO WAS SITTING ON MY CHAIR AND MOVED IT FROM ITS PLACE?

Mishutka looked at his broken chair and squeaked:

— WHO WAS SITTING ON MY CHAIR AND BROKE IT?

The Tale of the Three Bears - picture 8

The bears came to another room.

— WHO GOT INTO MY BED AND CRUMPLED IT?  Mikhail Ivanovich roared in a terrible voice.

— WHO GOT INTO MY BED AND CRUMPLED IT?  Nastasia Petrovna growled, not so loudly.

And Mishenka put up a footstool, climbed into his crib and squeaked in a thin voice:

— WHO GOT INTO MY BED?

The Tale of the Three Bears - picture 9

And suddenly he saw the girl and screamed as if he was being cut:

— Here she is! Hold it, hold it! Here she is! Ay-ay-ay! Here you go!

He wanted to bite her.

The girl opened her eyes, saw the bears and rushed to the window. It was open, she jumped out the window and ran away. And the bears didn't catch up with her.